Tuesday, March 20th is the day without meat street of caumartin activists
vegetarians this is there to educate passers-by assemat
power
animal suffering environmental consequences
in front of his comrades cholesterol all the points will be
punished but aimed at raising awareness
today we are here
it is not necessary to promote the day without low meat that takes place every year
in fact March 20th
- make people aware of these journeys
we are here to inform them about the animal suffering the man on
the environment and on the exploitation of the Third World which is also related to the
consumption of meat elsewhere is made to taste on the stand of the
products here minicar but there's vegetable pie champion games
ball we also have hummus it's a specialty% and vegetarian years
so that his disposition for people to taste and discover
new products
France is not the head of the justice series
in fact barely 7% of the French declared themselves to be very little compared
to countries like Germany and the United Kingdom which respectively
mickey 9% of gpa
first of all, we must know that at the level of the fmi and its partners
it is that he has succeeded in all honesty
there is roncq regime I am very good so it is clearly the true
sétif
while we removed from the world at bottom the actos result nothing
surely in gp2 dairy products
they do not eat all the products mlb what are we looking for like
intake especially vitamin B12 intake
who is lying a lot
and so in the milk in the development too low vitamin d
so in the milk we find sunday only because when e sunday
a lot less fat
and so through that
the big game contest month of bad grace
so very often we say that the percentage considered by that is very
good for people cholesterol content for example seen the bad cholesterol
in short written is pathetic